	Ever since when I was young I always dabbled with computers. I remembering seeing my first computer at my grandma's house and have been so intrigued when my uncles would log in to America Online and stay up late on their computers. I was a young kid still in Elementary School when the Nintendo 64 was released. I still had a Super Nintendo and I remember thinking that both consoles use the same system. I took a Super Nintendo Game and opened the case where you have access to the chip that stored the game and tried to put it in the Nintendo 64. Of course,   I made it fit but it didn't work and I'm pretty sure I fried the Nintendo 64 since it stopped working. I never thought that would open my eyes to the world of technology and since then I been taking apart and putting back computers as a hobby and I decided to take it as a career.
	The first step into computer programming for me was the basic concepts of Web Development. I never thought web development was done with code and that every website was done using a website builder such as Freewebs or Geocities. A close friend of mine who was a full-stack developer at HP at the time introduced me to code and I fell in love with it. I self-studied HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. It was February of 2017 and I looked through every free resource I can find. It wasn't until July of that year that I decided to take a Front-End Development course at my local University and finished in the top 10% of the class. I used my new found knowledge and moved to California where I can get better exposure and more opportunities as a Developer.  I was able to land freelance gigs that lasted a month before I ended up getting an internship in Los Angeles. I decided to learn an object-orientated programming language and was deciding between Java and Python. I researched Python first even though I was familiar with both languages in a sense that I knew what both are and decided that Python was the easiest of the two. Picking up Python from a JavaScript background was quick and painless but being a programming language, it's a lot harder than just printing "Hello World" out to the terminal. 
	The second step that got me into computer programming was the foundations of computer science. I never understood the concepts or how a computer really works, I just know what they do. For example, I would be able to build a computer from putting the parts together but I wouldn't be able to tell you in details what each part does. The more I learned about programming the more I wanted to learn about the world of computing. I'm thinking of getting into cloud computing but of course, that be a different story. There are so many fields in Computer Science and specializations that I don't know where to choose. I'm planning on learning more about the math used in Computer Science then I will go and learn the practical use of computing.
	The third reason and last reason why I got into computer programming is the evolution of computing. Everything about computing is always evolving. Programming languages evolving into newer versions or being deprecated and replaced by newer languages. New hardware is being introduced as well as software. Computers are always evolving and I don't think it will ever stop. I'm specializing in Web Development and I believe that as long as the internet is still around web development isn't going anywhere. Many people would always upgrade their phones, especially iPhones when a new one is introduced. Newer features, faster hardware, it will always be an improvement on their old one. With technology evolving, is what got me into learning the foundations of computer science alongside programming.
	I have a lot to learn and I'm planning on doing more research in the field and hoping I can make contributions to the community. I have been opening electronics as far as back as I can remember and always been interested in building my own consoles. I'm hoping that in the future I can take what I learn on my own and be an influence on someone. 
